Add changelog entry for saved cloud plans (#33587)
hashicorp/terraform: CHANGELOG.md

ENHANCEMENTS:
* config: Terraform can now track some additional detail about values that won't be known until the apply step, such as the range of possible lengths for a collection or whether an unknown value can possibly be null. When this information is available, Terraform can potentially generate known results for some operations on unknown values. This doesn't mean that Terraform can immediately track that detail in all cases, but the type system now contains the facility for that and so over time we will improve the level of detail generated by built-in functions, language operators, Terraform providers, etc. [GH-33234]
* jsonplan: Added `errored` field to JSON plan output, indicating whether a plan errored. [GH-33372]

> * cloud: Remote plans on Terraform Cloud/Enterpise can now be saved using the `-out` flag, referenced in the `show` command, and applied by specifiying the plan file name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* cloud: Remote plans on Terraform Cloud/Enterprise can now be saved using the `-out` flag, referenced in the `show` command, and applied by specifying the plan file name.
```
